Database metadata refactor (#6555)
hyperledger/besu: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

## 24.1.3-SNAPSHOT

### Breaking Changes

> - RocksDB database metadata format has changed to be more expressive, the migration of an existing metadata file to the new format is automatic at startup. Before prerforming a downgrade to a previous version then it is mandatory to revert to the original format using the subcommand `besu --data-path=/path/to/besu/datadir storage revert-metadata v2-to-v1`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- RocksDB database metadata format has changed to be more expressive, the migration of an existing metadata file to the new format is automatic at startup. Before performing a downgrade to a previous version it is mandatory to revert to the original format using the subcommand `besu --data-path=/path/to/besu/datadir storage revert-metadata v2-to-v1`.
```

Author: done
